# Module 1 - Lesson 2
## How to set up your computer for JavaScript development

### Learning Objectives:
* Install appropriate tools to prepare for programming

### Introduction/Warm Up

What tools do we need to code? At its simplest, all we need is a text editor (like notepad on Windows) and a web browser to run/display our code. However, there are a lot of tools that can and will make our lives easier, so we're going to walk you through which tools we need and why, and how to install them.

For your warm up today, we'll work on getting a web browser. Obviously you have one, or you wouldn't be able to access this course, so congratulations! Now, just to double check soem things - this course will give instructions for Chrome and Firefox where browser-specific details happen. Any modern web browser (read: don't use Internet Explorer) will support what we're doing, but you may have to google certain commands specific to your web browser if you choose to use something other than Firefox or Chrome (such as Edge, Safari, Opera, etc).

You should also make sure that whatever browser you use, you keep it as up-to-date as possible.

### Lesson

Ok, so what tools do we need besides a web browser? You already have your browser installed and updated, and obviously have an internet connection. Now we need a GitHub account and an IDE. More below.

#### GitHub

GitHub is a cloud file storage platform for code. It acts a lot like Google Drive in that you store your files on the website, and can access them later from a different computer. However, where Google Drive is optimized for things like documents and spreadsheets, github is optimized for code of all types. Not only does it store your code for you, but it can also help to display your projects in helpful ways so that you can show them to others and even collaborate in the future. It gives you edit histories, so that if you make a mistake you can go back and revert to an earlier version, and it can even deploy some of your projects for you, so that you don't have to worry about how to get your code from your computer to the internet.

For now, we want you to create a GitHub account. This is as simple as going to [github.com](https://github.com/) and following the instructions for settign up your account. If you already have an account, you may move onto the next step.

#### Your first repository

The next thing you need to do is create a "repository" for your first project. A repository is simply a folder where all of your project files will go. There are a few nuances that we are glossing over, but simply put you can have different folders, or repositories, wihtin your GitHub account, and each of them will be for a different project.

To create a new repository, from github.com, on the left side of the screen there should be a green button that says "Create repository" or "New". Click on that button, choose a repository name, click "Add a README file", choose the GNU or MIT license, and click "Create repository".

Your repository name should be something related to the project you will be putting into it. For those of you using our sample project, this could be "profile-page", "trivia-site", or anything else related to a profile webpage that also includes a few tabs for things like a trivia game. Note that spaces are allowed, but they will be replaced with dashes (-) anyway, so I recommend just putting the dashes in yourself, or using camel or snake case (thisIsCamelCase and this_is_snake_case).

#### Your IDE

There are two main routes to go with your IDE in this course. The first is fully-online, with no tools installed. This will help you learn to code, and is much faster to set up initially - but you won't gain the practice or expertise with using the command line or running things locally on your machine. You will create an account on [CodePen](https://codepen.io/), and do all of your code writing and testing there. Then, you will download your files and manually upload them to GitHub, or you will use GitHub's online editor to manually input your files. There will be some editing required to get the files to work the same way that they would locally. Because of the difficulty that Windows presents with a lot of things related to development, this is the path we recommend for Windows users. There are workarounds and ways to develop on Windows, but it isn't very intuitive at this time.

The second option, which takes a little more upfront setup but ultimately works better for gaining experience doing what you will do day-to-day as a software engineer, is to download and set up your tools locally. This will require that you download and setup [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download)

#### Assessment

Each lesson will be followed by a short assessment to help you know whether you have mastered the material. This is completely optional, but we encourage you to take the assessment as many times as necessary to get all questions correct - and understand where the answers are coming from.

MC - multiple choice
MA - multiple answer
SA - short answer


1. Question 1
* a. 
* b. 

2. Question 2
* a. 
* b. 
* c. 

3. Question 3
* a. 
* b. 
* c. 
* d. 
* e. 