# Module 1 - Lesson 3
## HTML and CSS Basics

### Learning Objectives:
* Create a basic HTML + CSS website


### Introduction/Warm Up

Your first code!

### Basic HTML

head/body
Headers (h1-h6)
Paragraphs (p)
Lists (ol/ul/li)
Images (img)
br/hr


#### Basic CSS

Color
Font size/styles
Img sizing
alignment


#### Assessment

Each lesson will be followed by a short assessment to help you know whether you have mastered the material. This is completely optional, but we encourage you to take the assessment as many times as necessary to get all questions correct - and understand where the answers are coming from.

MC - multiple choice
MA - multiple answer
SA - short answer


1. (MC) What is the correct tag type for the title of a website?

* a. 
* b. 

2. (MC) Where (inside of which tag) do you change the text that shows up in the tab for your web browser?

* a. 
* b. 
* c. 

3. (SA) Type “hex color picker” into the search browser of your choice (google will give you an applet, others might require you to use a website), and if necessary go to the first resulting website to get a color picking tool. Find the hex code of your favorite color, and submit it below. Note that the format you submit matters; you must submit a value that starts with ‘#’ and has no spaces.

* a. 
* b. 
* c. 
* d. 
* e. 

##### Project Acceptance Criteria:
Create a basic web page with at least the following elements:
* A page title (h1) that is a different color than black
* At least two paragraphs (p)
* At least one list (ul or ol)
* At least one image (img), resized to be easily viewable
* Your website title in the tab at the top of the browser should match your h1 page title.

##### Sample Project:

Create a basic profile page about yourself, a family member, a pet, or a famous person that you admire. Include all required website elements, focusing on the theme of the person of pet you're highlighting.