# Module 1 - Lesson 4
## Intro to Interactivity

### Learning Objectives:
* Add event handler(s) to change text color on click

### Introduction/Warm Up

    • Your first JS
        ◦ console.log(“Hello world!”)

### Lesson

    • Use a basic event handler to change some text when it is clicked
    • Basic variables with querySelector

#### Assessment

Each lesson will be followed by a short assessment to help you know whether you have mastered the material. This is completely optional, but we encourage you to take the assessment as many times as necessary to get all questions correct - and understand where the answers are coming from.

MC - multiple choice
MA - multiple answer
SA - short answer


1. (SA) Write code to log your morning routine. Include at least 5 steps, each step on a different line, with a comment for each line.
* a. Submit answer here

2. (MC) What would the following line of code do?
~~~js
let title = document.querySelector("#title")
title.style.color="#ffffff"
~~~
* a. Change the color of the website title to white
* b. Change the color of the website title to black
* c. Change the color of every paragraphs on the website to white
* d. Change the color of every paragraphs on the website to black

3. (MC) What type is the `title` variable from the example above?
* a. variable
* b. string
* c. number
* d. boolean
* e. constant

4. (SA) Search for “w3schools queryselector” and navigate to the w3schools.com link. Read as much or as little of this page as you would like. This is called “documentation”, or in other words is the official page describing the usage and details of a specific command in a programming language. Use the documentation page to fill in the following (just the types):
* a. Parameters:
* b. Return value(s):

##### Project Acceptance Criteria:
Continue your project from lesson 3 by adding the following elements to your web page:

* Add an event listener to your web page that changes the color of your website title when it gets clicked

##### Sample Project:

Enhance your tribute/profile web page by changing the title color when it gets clicked.
